all that's left is your signature and
we're good to go
[Music]
now you're officially a disciple of
God's promise welcome welcome to God's
promise you are at an age where you are
especially vulnerable to evil
we're gonna spend our time together
investigating what led you here in the
past I would resort to self pleasure but
then when I learned that that was a sin
also I stopped
Kameron your struggle is with the sin of
same-sex attraction you're facing the
consequences of your actions and it's
ugly why she gets such a I guess
it's like having your own Disney villain
only this one he won't let use your call
you don't really seem like a counter
person that be here we didn't have a
choice did you I mean couldn't we just
walk off and go where
what's worse karaoke night or living on
the streets
[Music]
tough call are you tell us about that
girl you knew from home
the first step is for you to stop
thinking of yourself as a homosexual I
don't think of myself as I'm a sexual
I don't really think of myself as
anything I'm tired of feeling disgusted
with myself
you have no idea what you're doing
[Music]